# Player

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | **string** | The unique identifier for the Player entity. | 
**UniqueId** | **string** | The unique ID of the Player that can be provided by customers or generated by us. | 
**Name** | **string** | The name of the player | 
**Username** | **string** | Username of the player | 
**Email** | **string** | Email of the player | 
**Avatar** | **string** | Avatar URL of the player | 
**CustomProps** | **map[string]interface{}** | Custom props for player | 
**LastSeen** | **time.Time** | The date when player was active last time | 
**AccountId** | **float32** | The unique identifier of the account that the Player belongs to. | 
**ProjectId** | **string** | The unique identifier of the project that the Player is associated with. This allows developers to organize their players by project and helps with tracking and reporting. Example: Player Jack is associated with project Fortnite. | 
**CreatedOn** | **time.Time** | The date when the player was created. | 
**ModifiedOn** | **time.Time** | The date when the player was last modified. | 
**CreatedBy** | **float32** | The Id of the user who created the player. | 
**ModifiedBy** | **float32** | The Id of the user who last modified the player. | 
**IsCreateWallet** | **bool** | Boolean value indicating whether the player has wallet or not | 

## Methods

### NewPlayer

`func NewPlayer(id string, uniqueId string, name string, username string, email string, avatar string, customProps map[string]interface{}, lastSeen time.Time, accountId float32, projectId string, createdOn time.Time, modifiedOn time.Time, createdBy float32, modifiedBy float32, isCreateWallet bool, ) *Player`

NewPlayer instantiates a new Player object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPlayerWithDefaults

`func NewPlayerWithDefaults() *Player`

NewPlayerWithDefaults instantiates a new Player object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *Player) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *Player) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *Player) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.


### GetUniqueId

`func (o *Player) GetUniqueId() string`

GetUniqueId returns the UniqueId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUniqueIdOk

`func (o *Player) GetUniqueIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUniqueIdOk returns a tuple with the UniqueId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUniqueId

`func (o *Player) SetUniqueId(v string)`

SetUniqueId sets UniqueId field to given value.


### GetName

`func (o *Player) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *Player) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *Player) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.


### GetUsername

`func (o *Player) GetUsername() string`

GetUsername returns the Username field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUsernameOk

`func (o *Player) GetUsernameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetUsernameOk returns a tuple with the Username field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUsername

`func (o *Player) SetUsername(v string)`

SetUsername sets Username field to given value.


### GetEmail

`func (o *Player) GetEmail() string`

GetEmail returns the Email field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmailOk

`func (o *Player) GetEmailOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEmailOk returns a tuple with the Email field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmail

`func (o *Player) SetEmail(v string)`

SetEmail sets Email field to given value.


### GetAvatar

`func (o *Player) GetAvatar() string`

GetAvatar returns the Avatar field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAvatarOk

`func (o *Player) GetAvatarOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAvatarOk returns a tuple with the Avatar field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAvatar

`func (o *Player) SetAvatar(v string)`

SetAvatar sets Avatar field to given value.


### GetCustomProps

`func (o *Player) GetCustomProps() map[string]interface{}`

GetCustomProps returns the CustomProps field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomPropsOk

`func (o *Player) GetCustomPropsOk() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetCustomPropsOk returns a tuple with the CustomProps field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomProps

`func (o *Player) SetCustomProps(v map[string]interface{})`

SetCustomProps sets CustomProps field to given value.


### GetLastSeen

`func (o *Player) GetLastSeen() time.Time`

GetLastSeen returns the LastSeen field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetLastSeenOk

`func (o *Player) GetLastSeenOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetLastSeenOk returns a tuple with the LastSeen field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetLastSeen

`func (o *Player) SetLastSeen(v time.Time)`

SetLastSeen sets LastSeen field to given value.


### GetAccountId

`func (o *Player) GetAccountId() float32`

GetAccountId returns the AccountId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountIdOk

`func (o *Player) GetAccountIdOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetAccountIdOk returns a tuple with the AccountId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountId

`func (o *Player) SetAccountId(v float32)`

SetAccountId sets AccountId field to given value.


### GetProjectId

`func (o *Player) GetProjectId() string`

GetProjectId returns the ProjectId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetProjectIdOk

`func (o *Player) GetProjectIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetProjectIdOk returns a tuple with the ProjectId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetProjectId

`func (o *Player) SetProjectId(v string)`

SetProjectId sets ProjectId field to given value.


### GetCreatedOn

`func (o *Player) GetCreatedOn() time.Time`

GetCreatedOn returns the CreatedOn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedOnOk

`func (o *Player) GetCreatedOnOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetCreatedOnOk returns a tuple with the CreatedOn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedOn

`func (o *Player) SetCreatedOn(v time.Time)`

SetCreatedOn sets CreatedOn field to given value.


### GetModifiedOn

`func (o *Player) GetModifiedOn() time.Time`

GetModifiedOn returns the ModifiedOn field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetModifiedOnOk

`func (o *Player) GetModifiedOnOk() (*time.Time, bool)`

GetModifiedOnOk returns a tuple with the ModifiedOn field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetModifiedOn

`func (o *Player) SetModifiedOn(v time.Time)`

SetModifiedOn sets ModifiedOn field to given value.


### GetCreatedBy

`func (o *Player) GetCreatedBy() float32`

GetCreatedBy returns the CreatedBy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedByOk

`func (o *Player) GetCreatedByOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetCreatedByOk returns a tuple with the CreatedBy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedBy

`func (o *Player) SetCreatedBy(v float32)`

SetCreatedBy sets CreatedBy field to given value.


### GetModifiedBy

`func (o *Player) GetModifiedBy() float32`

GetModifiedBy returns the ModifiedBy field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetModifiedByOk

`func (o *Player) GetModifiedByOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetModifiedByOk returns a tuple with the ModifiedBy field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetModifiedBy

`func (o *Player) SetModifiedBy(v float32)`

SetModifiedBy sets ModifiedBy field to given value.


### GetIsCreateWallet

`func (o *Player) GetIsCreateWallet() bool`

GetIsCreateWallet returns the IsCreateWallet field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIsCreateWalletOk

`func (o *Player) GetIsCreateWalletOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIsCreateWalletOk returns a tuple with the IsCreateWallet field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIsCreateWallet

`func (o *Player) SetIsCreateWallet(v bool)`

SetIsCreateWallet sets IsCreateWallet field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


